{
 "cells": [
  {
   "cell_type": "markdown",
   "id": "551bfeea-75c9-49da-97e8-e336c3a2b49d",
   "metadata": {},
   "source": [
    "# 2026 NVV Board Meetings   \n",
    "\n",
    "## Monday, January 12th, 2026 - Shell Amsterdam - Minutes \n",
    "\n",
    "- Present: Stefano Mania, Christine Bertrand and Domenico Lahaye\n",
    "- Excused: Anna Felden \n",
    "\n",
    "### 1/ Composition of the New Board Starting January 2026 \n",
    "\n",
    "- Stefano Mania - Chair (replaces Rob Bastiaans)\n",
    "- Anna Felden - Treasurer (replaces Ivan Langella) \n",
    "- Domenico Lahaye - Secretary (second term)\n",
    "- Christine Bertrand - Outreach (replace Xiaocheng Ming)\n",
    "\n",
    "### 2/ Registration of new board members at the Kamer van Koophandel \n",
    "\n",
    "To do: \n",
    "- Anna: await news on registration; \n",
    "- Stefano and Christine: register online using DIGID at the [Kamer van Koophandel (kvk)](https://www.kvk.nl). \n",
    "\n",
    "### 3/ Securing NVV Financial Reserves \n",
    "\n",
    "- Suggestion is to invest approximately EUR 50k (fifty thousand) in long term fund to protect against devaluation. \n",
    "Impact on taxes (to be paid to the Dutch state) and management of the fund (to be paid to ING Bank) to be investigated further. \n",
    "- The board has met ING bank two times already and gathered all the relevant information (on 22nd December 2025  and on 19th January 2026)\n",
    "\n",
    "To do: Stefanio will take to tax advisor in February. Anna pays EUR 200 (two hundred) for consultancy with tax advisor.  \n",
    "\n",
    "### 4/ Combura2026 - 2027  \n",
    "\n",
    "- Book the venue 1 or 2 years in advance. \n",
    "- Possible location (?): Shell Amsterdam or Shell De Haag buildings. This would allow cost optimization allowing resources to be used for discounts for the Hotel and discounted rates for undergraduates and first time guests.\n",
    "- be advised of higher fees for accommodation (unless accomodation in e.g. Amsterdam Noord can be arranged?). \n",
    "\n",
    "Anna: \n",
    "- strong preference for neutral location for Combura;  \n",
    "- website for [registration for registration for Combura2025](https://www.aanmelder.nl/combura2025).\n",
    "\n",
    "Donmenico: \n",
    "- does this website entirely replace [combura.nl](https://www.combura.nl)? Information on best master thesis award and best poster award seems to be missing\n",
    "- what are the fees to be paid to Aanmelder.nl? \n",
    "\n",
    "To do: collect list of attendees of past editions; \n",
    "  \n",
    "### 5/ Visibility: Website NNV and Website Combura \n",
    "\n",
    "Stefano: \n",
    "- Merge Combura and NVV websites with one single website, the website will be pretty much static but with a news section that is linked with our LinkedIn page. The Combura part will update every year with the new meeting registration and information.\n",
    "- If we can monetize the website visits, then we will do the other way around (meaning that the website will be the source of all updates and the LinkedIn page will share the link to our website).\n",
    "- Christine will look to solutions that are suitable for our needs for the website. Best solution would be to use a professional contractor to develop the main website while we can use an app to adjust and update the news and any other minor changes ourselves without needing to pay anybody.\n",
    "- Starting from 2026 registration to Combura, we will add to the registration page a box to tick to allow us to send the email reminders for the next years Combura meetings and events.\n",
    "- Open a Wikipedia page that will talk about the history of NVV, the link to [Dutch Section of the Combustion Institute (DSCI)](http://www.combustioninstitute.nl) and [International Flame Research Foundation (IFRF)](https://ifrf.net), the historical board members, and some success stories.\n",
    "\n",
    "Domenico \n",
    "- Possibly no need for a professional contractor in case that we wish to establish the content of the website first\n",
    " \n",
    "### 6/ Visibility: Industrial Membership of NVV \n",
    "\n",
    "- list potentially new industrial members; \n",
    "- list what NVV can offer to existing and new members compared to other organizations like DSCI and IFRF; \n",
    "- step away from the idea to keep the research in house. We can use open domain tools because this will help NVV to support more industry projects; \n",
    "- NVV can sponsor two projects at a time. The project MetalPower ended in 2025. The project DYNAF will end in 2026. We have space to sponsor new projects again in 2026;\n",
    "  \n",
    "### 7/ How to position link with Dutch Section of the Combustion Institute, IFRF, other national committees, ASME and other parties?  \n",
    "\n",
    "- We wish to keep good relationship with both organizations and we want to use this good relationship to attract new members and guests to our events; \n",
    "- With regards to IFRF: We prefer to remain associated to IFRF, as long as one member is there, we can be considered associated. We will keep the annual fee payment separated. We can ask IFRF to select the best poster of the year and present it at Combura; \n",
    "- How to take advantage of each others networks and activities? How to be complementary to existing initiatives (e.g. TOTEM, INFUB)? \n",
    "\n",
    "### 8/ Forthcoming NVV Board Meeting \n",
    "\n",
    "To do: establish date and location (end of February after we meet with the accountant to ask for advice on the taxes related to the bank investment). \n",
    "\n",
    "## Vademecum Combura (in progress)\n",
    "\n",
    "### 1/ Organizational comitee (including Annual NVV Board Meeting)\n",
    "1. infrastructure (room, projector-screen, audiovisual equipment, online access and catering) for annual NVV members meeting;\n",
    "2. infrastructure (room, projector-screen and audiovisual equipment) for plenary lectures;\n",
    "3. infrastructure (room, projector-screen and audiovisual equipment) for parallel lectures;\n",
    "4. infrastructure (room) for lunch and closing drinks; \n",
    "\n",
    "### 2/ Scientific comitee\n",
    "1. invitation invited speakers\n",
    "2. best master thesis award (jury, award)\n",
    "3. best poster price (jury, award)  \n",
    "\n",
    "## Agenda Annual Board Meeting (in progress)\n",
    "1. opening; \n",
    "2. audit annual overview of finances; \n",
    "3. this year and next year Combura; \n",
    "4. closure; "
   ]
  }
 ],
 "metadata": {
  "kernelspec": {
   "display_name": "Julia 1.12.1",
   "language": "julia",
   "name": "julia-1.12"
  },
  "language_info": {
   "file_extension": ".jl",
   "mimetype": "application/julia",
   "name": "julia",
   "version": "1.12.1"
  }
 },
 "nbformat": 4,
 "nbformat_minor": 5
}
